Renew Server certificates (#144)
jenkins-infra/docker-openvpn: README.md

### HowTo become an administrator

> To add/revoke certificates, you must be allowed to decrypt the sensitive encrypted files such as `./cert/pki/private/ca.key.enc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add/revoke certificates, you must be allowed to decrypt sensitive files such as `./cert/pki/private/ca.key.enc`.
```
(Removed "encrypted" to avoid too much repetition)

Author: 👍 I hesitated to do the same. Make sense

> These files are encrypted with [sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops) and your public gpg key must be added to `./.sops.yaml` by an existing administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are encrypted with [sops](https://github.com/mozilla/sops), your public gpg key must be added to `./.sops.yaml` by an existing administrator to decrypt them.
```

> This repository relies on [easy-rsa](https://github.com/OpenVPN/easy-rsa/blob/master/README.quickstart.md) which is used under the hood by a custom Golang CLI wrapper named `easyvpn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository relies on [easy-rsa](https://github.com/OpenVPN/easy-rsa/blob/master/README.quickstart.md), used under the hood by a custom Golang CLI wrapper named `easyvpn`.
```

Author: (is there a grammatical rule for this one? Both seems fine to me so I don't care  but better to get the rule)

Reviewer: The 2 of them should be correct, however I prefer the simpler suggested one.

> ### HowTo Decrypt the Certificate Authority Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HowTo decrypt the Certificate Authority key
```

Author: https://capitalizemytitle.com/style/Chicago/ says: `Howto Decrypt the Certificate Authority Key` (Chicago title capitalization is usually used).
(ok we might want to also update the rest of the doc)

Reviewer: Not a fan... Also, not applied everywhere.
Would prefer without it, personal taste.

* Ensure that you are an administrator (Check the section [HowTo become an administrator](#howto-become-an-administrator))

> * Execute the command `make -C cert decrypt` from the root of the repository to decrypt the ca.key to `./cert/pki/private/ca.key` (which is a secret that must remain git-ignored)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Execute the command `make -C cert decrypt` from the root of the repository to decrypt the ca.key to `./cert/pki/private/ca.key` (which is a **secret** that **must remain git-ignored**)
```

To generate a new CRL:

> * Decrypt the required files as described in [HowTo Decrypt the Certificate Authority Key](#howto-decrypt-the-certificate-authority-key)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Decrypt the required files as described in [HowTo decrypt the Certificate Authority key](#howto-decrypt-the-certificate-authority-key)
```

Author: See https://github.com/jenkins-infra/docker-openvpn/pull/144/files#r816069825

* Generate a new crl.pem - `cd cert ; ./easyrsa gen-crl ; cd ..`
* Publish the new crl.pem - `git add ./cert/pki/crl.pem && git commit ./cert/pki/crl.pem -s -m 'Renew revocation list certificate'`
* Delete local ca.key - `rm ./cert/pki/private/ca.key`

> ### How to Renew Server-side Certificate?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HowTo renew server-side certificate?
```

Author: See https://github.com/jenkins-infra/docker-openvpn/pull/144/files#r816069825

> * Build EASYVPN binary by running one of the following commands depending on your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build EASYVPN binary by running one of the following commands depending on your operating system:
```

  * `make init_osx`
  * `make init_linux`
  * `make init_windows` and copy `./utils/easyvpn/easyvpn.exe` at the root of this repository
* Decrypt the required files as described in [HowTo Decrypt the Certificate Authority Key](#howto-decrypt-the-certificate-authority-key)
* Revoke actual certificate (even if it is already expired): `./easyvpn revoke vpn.jenkins.io`
* Generate a new certificate + key, with the server DNS as argument: `./easyvpn request vpn.jenkins.io`

  > The generated key is in `./cert/pki/private/vpn.jenkins.io.key` **must** remain **secret**!

* Sign the request as a "server" request:

  ```shell

>   cd ./certs # Mandatory to run the signing command from this repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cd ./certs # Running the signing command from this folder is mandatory.
```

  ./easyrsa --batch sign-req server vpn.jenkins.io
  ```

> * Ensure that you git-added, git-commited and pushed the changes, without ANY secrets (should be git-ignored)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that you git-added, git-commited and pushed the changes, without ANY secrets (which should be git-ignored)
```

> * Update the secrets in the encrypted hieradata for OpenVPN in <https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins-infra>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update the secrets in the encrypted hieradata for OpenVPN in link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins-infra/blob/0d6117dbd233a4c8cf5f29cc58821b9a71086f64/hieradata/clients/vpn.jenkins.io.yaml#L14-L21[github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins-infra]
```

Author: I prefer to not detail too much: the permalink in this case is a "snapshot" at a given moment in time, while I expect the reader to fill the gaps when running this operation.
